Why didn’t I know that the remaining family still had a son like you?
Who said he was emotional?
Jiang Yuyu? His surname is Jiang?
What about me? Home? That home?
What? Didn’t I tell you about the marriage?
But not back? Me the year your dad passed away?
Are you the Caihu who is greedy for leaving the family?
Is that why you have such a son left?
You just want to be the eldest wife of the family, right?
Ha ha ha ha. tell you,
But since we have made reservations today,
Just nothing.
I have already been defeated by Xu Xia as a nanny
There's no value in using it at all, mom
What's the point of talking nonsense like this about losing one's family? Brother Tang
What did I call you Tang Ge?
Do you still have to thank me?
The prosperous guitar in the future will be Moreau
I'm giving you a security guard's butt
How about God give you five dollars?
I know enough about you, sister-in-law
Why don't you change your home and let me go?
It's the same as back then